Add repository-specific Copilot instructions (#1001)
meshery/meshkit: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- The **MeshModel registration pipeline** is another core slice of the repo:
  - `models/registration/` ingests model packages from directories, YAML/JSON files, nested archives, and OCI artifacts, then assembles a `PackagingUnit`.
  - `models/meshmodel/registry/` persists registrants, models, components, and relationships through GORM-backed registry helpers.
  - Schema definitions themselves come from `github.com/meshery/schemas`; in this repo, focus on how MeshKit loads, normalizes, registers, and persists those entities rather than treating MeshKit as the schema source of truth.
- Cross-cutting infrastructure packages are intentionally reusable across services:
  - `database/` wraps GORM setup for SQLite and Postgres.
  - `tracing/` provides OpenTelemetry initialization plus HTTP middleware/client transport helpers.
  - `logger/`, `utils/`, `encoding/`, and `converter/` provide shared support code used by Meshery services and tools.

## Key conventions

- Prefer **Makefile targets for final verification**. Use direct `go test ./pkg -run TestName` only for focused iteration.

> - Wire-facing identifiers follow the Meshery-wide **camelCase-on-the-wire** convention. This applies to items like structured log keys, event envelopes, and error-related identifiers that cross process boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Strictly honor and adhere to the established identifier naming scheme, authoritatively documented in meshery/schemas - https://github.com/meshery/schemas/blob/master/docs/identifier-naming-contributor-guide.md#canonical-naming-directory
```

- Structured errors follow strict repository conventions so `errorutil` can understand them:
  - define concrete errors in each package's `error.go`
  - define code symbols matching `^Err[A-Z].+Code$`

>   - create errors with `errors.New(...)` (or `errors.NewV2(...)` when needed; the `(*errors.Error).ErrorV2(...)` helper may also be used where applicable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - create errors with `errors.NewV2(...)` when no existing error is a well-suited fit; the `(*errors.Error).NewV2(...)` helper may also be used where applicable)
```
